docs: publish AI tooling guide and migrate development docs (#2141)
asyncapi/generator: .github/pr-review-checklist.md

### What reviewer looks at during PR review
The following are ideal points maintainers look for during review. Reviewing these points yourself beforehand can help streamline the review process and reduce time to merge.

> 1. **PR Title**: Use a concise title that follows our [Conventional Commits](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/contributing#conventional-commits) guidelines and clearly summarizes the change using [imperative mood](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/#imperative) (it means `spoken or written as if giving a command or instruction`, like "add new helper for listing operations")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **PR Title**: Use a concise title that follows our [Conventional Commits](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/contributing#conventional-commits) guidelines and clearly summarizes the changes using the [imperative mood](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/#imperative) (written as if giving a command or instruction such as "add new helper for listing operations")
```
